Date 2/11/2017

MAJOR
1. Authentication Back End and Front End Draft - 90% Done
	- Need to find a way to make email unique, one email can only hold one account
	- Set email as the required login criteria - currently optional but preferable
2. User Recipe Back End and Front End Draft - Done
3. User Profile Back End and Front End Draft - Done
4. Search form and category views for articles, recipe, restaurant and user_recipe - Partially done, Search form final phase
4. 404 Page and link to all views
5. HTML and CSS beautification for all function with bootstrap and responsive mobile testing 
5. Function Testing 
7. Ingredient page and link to recipe
8. Ajax for user profile

	
MINOR
1. Update restaurant model to include "price" IntegerField
2. Update html css for welcome guest  - done
4. Update recipe model to include thumbnail for youtube video. replace the current index and recipe_all display
   to picture thumbnail instead of youtube link - KIV
5. Build sidebar html for youtube and facebook link and find way to build the same function into mobile - partially done
6. after user register, prompt them to update their profile - done
7. insert description for footer button to explain what is the purpose of the button - done
8. for all_users view - include top 4 users with most post - done
9. include min_length and max_length in the modelform description for userprofile to make sure thumbnail size is standardized
10. if user submitted the same recipe name it would raise exception(need to check type of exception). the post with the exception
   still saved in the database
11.


NOTES
1. Need to give a tag to users. example(bronze chef, silver chef, gold chef)
2. Need to find a way to tag number of recipes posted for every users in their profile - done
3. Need to highlight active tab for mobile users


---------------

To do: Comments model
We need to understand how django excontrib comments works first before moving to the threaded comments, during deployment
we might want to use disqus 

1) disable threaded comments first, comment out site_id and threaded comments in the app
2) follow the tutorial to create comments
3) once the function is all ok try to modify the template
4) once template looks ok then retry the threaded comments solution/package


